Press through.
Cut who?
Let go of my brother and sister.
Ly Minh Nghiem
The evidence is right in front of you.
You cut your own path.
Can't blame me.
You push through there.
If you're so sure
So I've got a recording here.
You want to hear it?
No words in front of everyone.
I'll see how you wash your hair.
Crimes committed
Today I want you to defeat the White Yen Army.
Let the General fall.
On the contrary, I see it as a deceptive target that wants to delay time.
There's no need to mention it.
The king ordered.
The current evidence is sufficient to convict him.
Why was he in such a hurry to die suddenly?
I'm afraid what I have in my hand will break what you call iron evidence?
If you haven't given up.
I'll give you a chance to fight for yourself.
Let you die.
Big brother, then you quickly release to listen to Big Brother for a while.